Chen Shufan, hurry up and leave
This Ma Daquan found people in society
I came here to clean you up
This Ma Daquan is really deceiving
Guo Xiaofan
We don't have to share the same knowledge as Ma Daquan
If you like this, you can go back first, and don't go to work today.
But it's alright, I'm informing you yeah yeah
I heard them say
This time, Ma Daquan is looking for Brother Scar's subordinates
This Knife Scar is a big shot who hangs out with Master Shuan
We can't afford to mess with it.
If it's someone else, I'm afraid there are some more?
Since it's a scar
Then it's okay. This guy
eat eat
Oh, dear.
That damn Xiaofan, why haven't you come yet?
I waited for him for half an hour
Hahaha, maybe I heard the news.
Hahahaha
Didn't you say that Mei Zhaoyue was on his Bajie?
He should be with that woman right now
Speak
Hahahaha that damaged hand
What is he on Lu Zhaoyue's side?
Blue Cloud Group is about to change hands
He is the president, he is going to do it to the end.
Really, I have long disliked that Lu Zhaoyue
Isn't it just a better family?
What a great deal
I can even see Xiao Fan's kind of stuff
What a bitch
Pardon me?
Bitch with dog
The more you say it, the more hahaha, stupid Sun
How is it? Is anyone here?
People are already on their way this time
You deserve that bastard's bad luck
I thought my friend said that Brother Scar would be here today too
Who is Brother Scar?
Is it amazing? Our underground boss in Jiangcheng
mountain
After 12 o'clock, the whole Jiangcheng has to stop
This knife scar brother is this mountain master's subordinate
You say it's great or not
Hahahaha here we go again.
I really dare to come here, surround me